Fixed  small spelling mistakes (#488)
threefoldtech/info_grid: src/documentation/farmers/advanced_networking/network_setup.md

### 2.2 Data Center/Advanced Setup

In this situation there are many options on how to setup your node.  This requires you as the expert to make a few decisions on how to connect what what the best setup is that you can support for the operaitonal time of your farm.  The same basics principles apply:
  - You have to have a block of (public) IPv6 routed to your router, or you have to have your router setup to provide Network Address Translation (NAT)

>   - You have to have a DHCP server in your network that manages and controls IPV6 ip adress leases.  Depending on your specific setup you have this DHCP server manage a public IPv6y range which makes all nodes directly connected to the public internet or you have this DHCP server manage a private block og IPv6 addresses which makes all your nodes connect to the internet through NAT.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - You have to have a DHCP server in your network that manages and controls IPV6 ip adress leases.  Depending on your specific setup you have this DHCP server manage a public IPv6 range which makes all nodes directly connected to the public internet or you have this DHCP server manage a private block of IPv6 addresses which makes all your nodes connect to the internet through NAT.  
```
